Added `Note` in API Server Named Certificate (#57075)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/customize-certificates-api-add-named.adoc

----
+
If `PROGRESSING` is showing `True`, wait a few minutes and try again.

> 

Reviewer: Can you please add a "+" on this line, so that the note is indented with step 6?

```suggestion
+
```

[NOTE]
====

> The new revision of the Kubernetes API server will only roll out if the API Server named certificate is added for the first time. At the time of renewing the API Server named certificate the new revision of the Kubernetes API server will not roll out, as the kube-apiserver pods dynamically reload the updated certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new revision of the Kubernetes API server will only roll out if the API Server named certificate is added for the first time. At the time of renewing the API Server named certificate, the new revision of the Kubernetes API server will not roll out, as the `kube-apiserver` pods dynamically reload the updated certificate.
```

Reviewer 2: A couple suggestions here:
- A comma is needed after the phrase "At the time of renewing..."
- Backticks are needed around `kube-apiserver` since they're used earlier on the page.

> The new revision of the Kubernetes API server will only roll out if the API Server named certificate is added for the first time. At the time of renewing the API Server named certificate, the new revision of the Kubernetes API server will not roll out, as the `kube-apiserver` pods dynamically reload the updated certificate.

Reviewer: A few additional suggestions, if you can please update:

```suggestion
A new revision of the Kubernetes API server only rolls out if the API server named certificate is added for the first time. When the API server named certificate is renewed, a new revision of the Kubernetes API server does not roll out, because the `kube-apiserver` pods dynamically reload the updated certificate.
```
